List of classes of commands:

aliases -- Aliases of other commands
breakpoints -- Making program stop at certain points
data -- Examining data
files -- Specifying and examining files
internals -- Maintenance commands
obscure -- Obscure features
running -- Running the program
stack -- Examining the stack
status -- Status inquiries
support -- Support facilities
tracepoints -- Tracing of program execution without stopping the program
user-defined -- User-defined commands

Type "help" followed by a class name for a list of commands in that class.
Type "help all" for the list of all commands.
Type "help" followed by command name for full documentation.
Type "apropos word" to search for commands related to "word".
Command name abbreviations are allowed if unambiguous.
Undefined command: "data".  Try "help".
Examining data.

List of commands:

agent-printf -- Agent-printf "printf format string"
append -- Append target code/data to a local file
append binary -- Append target code/data to a raw binary file
append binary memory -- Append contents of memory to a raw binary file
append binary value -- Append the value of an expression to a raw binary file
append memory -- Append contents of memory to a raw binary file
append value -- Append the value of an expression to a raw binary file
call -- Call a function in the program
disassemble -- Disassemble a specified section of memory
display -- Print value of expression EXP each time the program stops
dump -- Dump target code/data to a local file
dump binary -- Write target code/data to a raw binary file
dump binary memory -- Write contents of memory to a raw binary file
dump binary value -- Write the value of an expression to a raw binary file
dump ihex -- Write target code/data to an intel hex file
dump ihex memory -- Write contents of memory to an ihex file
dump ihex value -- Write the value of an expression to an ihex file
dump memory -- Write contents of memory to a raw binary file
dump srec -- Write target code/data to an srec file
dump srec memory -- Write contents of memory to an srec file
dump srec value -- Write the value of an expression to an srec file
dump tekhex -- Write target code/data to a tekhex file
dump tekhex memory -- Write contents of memory to a tekhex file
dump tekhex value -- Write the value of an expression to a tekhex file
dump value -- Write the value of an expression to a raw binary file
explore -- Explore a value or a type valid in the current context
explore type -- Explore a type or the type of an expression valid in the current
explore value -- Explore value of an expression valid in the current context
find -- Search memory for a sequence of bytes
init-if-undefined -- Initialize a convenience variable if necessary
mem -- Define attributes for memory region or reset memory region handling to
output -- Like "print" but don't put in value history and don't print newline
print -- Print value of expression EXP
print-object -- Ask an Objective-C object to print itself
printf -- Printf "printf format string"
ptype -- Print definition of type TYPE
restore -- Restore the contents of FILE to target memory
set -- Evaluate expression EXP and assign result to variable VAR
set ada -- Prefix command for changing Ada-specfic settings
set ada trust-PAD-over-XVS -- Enable or disable an optimization trusting PAD types over XVS types
Quit
Starting program: /nfs/stak/users/dongv/CS362-004-F2018/projects/dongv/dominion/randomtestcard1 break main

Program received signal SIGABRT, Aborted.
0x00007ffff7742277 in raise () from /lib64/libc.so.6
Error detected on fd 0
error detected on stdin
A debugging session is active.

	Inferior 1 [process 19785] will be killed.

Quit anyway? (y or n) EOF [assumed Y]
